ADR on Fabric E2E Sample CICD flow (#930)
Azure-Samples/modern-data-warehouse-dataops: e2e_samples/fabric_dataops_sample/README.md

Please follow the [How to use the sample](#how-to-use-the-sample) section for detailed instructions.

> ### Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD)

Reviewer: This should automatically update TOC

> ### Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD)

Reviewer: Shall we move it after "Deployed Resources"? Somehow the ordering of headers feels off.

Author: I've rearranged a few things. I think this flow is a bit better and a bit more aligned with our existing databricks sample readme.

> Fabric has a number of options for CI/CD workflows as documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/cicd/manage-deployment). This utilizes Option 1 - Git-based deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Fabric has a number of CI/CD workflow options as documented [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/cicd/manage-deployment). This sample utilizes [Option 1: Git-based deployment](https://learn.microsoft.com/fabric/cicd/manage-deployment#option-1---git--based-deployments).
```

> The following shows the overall CI/CD process end to end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram below illustrates the complete end-to-end CI/CD process:
```
